I am writing this article for over 20
percent of the world's population
because statistics say that about 20% of
adults will suffered from acid reflux
this week but chances are if you are
reading this article you have already
seen a doctor or the antacids are no
longer working in other words you are
looking for other options and you have
found the right place my name is Joe and
I have been in the natural health
business for almost five years and one
business one doctor and numerous
researchers later we have now helped
almost 10,000 acid reflux suffers cure
acid reflux disease naturally and you
can do it too with some simple tips
about the foods that leave you with or
without heartburn did you know that your
diet could be the reason you are
suffering from heartburn if you or a
loved one is suffering from acid reflux
also known as heartburn please take a
moment to take some notes here are
simple guidelines to remember to keep
your life heartburn free acid reflux
foods hips 1 softness saves you should
be eating softer foods that allow your
esophagus to heal from the excess of
acid abuse caused by acid reflux disease
- what scratches think of what foods
will go down rough when you eat them
stay away from crunchy foods such as
nuts crackers toast
popcorn cookies bars that will scratch
your lower esophageal sphincter elías
during digestion 3 Skip's business if
you enjoy foods that are spicy you will
have to fast from them during the first
few weeks spicy and acidic foods will
typically irritate your LS and result in
heartburn for your drink of choice did
you know that there are over a hundred
benefits for drinking water documented
but I believe there are a thousand more
if you want to take your health serious
you need to switch to water begin to
drink 10-12 glasses of water a day and
avoid soft drinks and alcohol another
good tip would be to drink 1 tall glass
after every meal to aid with digestion
five Coffee anyone we all love it but
you can only allow yourself one cup per
day six journaling I always recommend my
customers to start journaling begin to
journal what foods you eat and how you
feel after you eat them I have found
hundreds of people who have discovered
what foods they can and cannot eat if
they suffer from acid reflux disease and
sometimes they vary from person to
person you might be surprised seven
finally here is a simple list of foods
that could cause acid reflux foods that
cause heartburn sour cream milkshakes
ice cream cottage cheese orange juice
lemonade great food juice cranberry
juice tomato lemons potatoes any form
onions ground beef marbled sirloin
chicken nuggets buffalo wings macaroni
and cheese spaghetti sauce granola bars
chocolate chips oil and vinegar salad
dressings